This readme is for GNU jogl release 0.6.

Welcome!
-------

This is the third generation release of a package originally put
together by Leo Chan.  Adam King re-released the package with some
additions and fixes.  Tommy Reilly is currently maintaining the
package and has added autoconf/automake/libtool support to ease
building the shared libs on all unix platforms as well as finding the
necessary Java/OpenGL headers, libraries and programs.  In addition we
have set down what are goals are for this project:

 - become a mature GNU project (ie. a './configure' and a 'make' 
	work to build the package on all Java/OGL enabled systems)
 - develop solid autoconf/automake Java/OGL configuration code that
   can eventually be fed back into those products and in general
   make Java a first class citizen with the GNU project.
 - Maintain conformance with the evolving Java system.
 - Serve as the Java-OGL bindings package for Adam King's java3d
   implementation (see http://www.magma.ca/~aking/java)

Mailing List
------------

If you are going to be using jogl we recommend subscribing to the jogl
mailing list.  People on the list should be able to help with problems
or questions.  To subscribe send mail to majordomo@pajato.com with the
following in the body (not subject):

subscribe jogl

After you get mail back saying you're on the list you can send mail to
jogl@pajato.com.   


Installation
------------

For compiling/installation instructions, please read the INSTALL file.

Use
---
Have a look at the test/Jogl.java file included with this release.  It
shows how to create a java application that can show an OpenGL object.  I
will be adding more details on the steps required to create an OpenGL
application in the following releases.  

The jogl home page is at:

  http://www.pajato.com/projects/jogl


Known Bugs
----------

Well, just cause we not aware of any doesn't mean they aren't there. 

Bug Reporting
-------------

If you come across any bugs please email me with details, and please
include the following information:

Which Operating System and version, jogl version, and OpenGL library
being used and version. 

or if you have any suggestions, please email tom@pajato.com.

License:
-------
This package is now covered by the GNU GPL.  Please see the
file COPYING for details.

Enjoy!
